Let's look at the solution to the bank deposits exercise.
The first thing we're going to do is import the Spark session,
then we're going to import all of the SQL functions we're going to use,
then we're going to import all of the SQL types we're going to use.
We're going to first create a schema for the JSON message that will be receiving.
That will include an account number and amount and a date and time.
I'll create that Kafka message schema.
Then I'm going to create a Spark session.
I'll set the log level to 'WARN'.
Then using Spark session,
I will read a Kafka stream using
my bootstrap server option I will direct it to localhost on port 9092.
To read from the bank deposits,
I'll use this subscribe option.
To tell the starting offset option,
I'll use that option and pass the earliest value.
Then I will do download.
Here's my data frame.
I'm going to read from the raw data frame.
By using a select expression,
I'll cast the keys from binary to strings and the value from binary to strings.
Then I want to de-serialize this from JSON to regular fields.
I'll take the bank deposits stream data frame and call the dot width column on it.
I'm going to overload the value column.
From JSON I'll extract the current value, which is JSON.
I'll have to reference the Kafka message schema.
Then I will select the columnvalue.star,
which is actually several nested columns.
I'll put those necessary columns into
a top level query and save them into a view called bank deposits.
Then I will create a new data frame querying from that view using spark.sql.
Then I'll take the data frame that I've queried
from the view and write it to the console.
I'm going to copy the syntax to run this.
It's home/workspace/spark/bin/spark-submit--packages,
and then the full name of the library we
use and the path to the Spark Python application.
I'm going to paste that in here.
Then I'm going to type the path home/workspace/bank-deposits.py.
I'm going to make sure I've saved this.
Can't open it, it's because I misspelled it.
Bank-deposits.py. Now we're waiting for it to run.
That cursor means that Spark is running my application.
I'm waiting for the output.
Here's my account number,
amount, and date, and time.
I'm going to do Control C to break out of that.